Stop fighting.
I sent it to you a long time ago.
No matter how you fight, it's useless.
Tell that guy, I'll let you go.
Director Shen, what's going on?
Isn't this the guy at the bar?
Why is he here?
He's a killer.
Sent to kill me.
Kill the killer
How could such a beautiful girl be an assassin?
This one.
That's a killer.
You can get this.
Looks like a killer.
I remember you giving him the card.
Would you force something like that to sleep next to you?
I didn't know he was an assassin, if I knew he was an assassin, give me 800 livers, I wouldn't dare.
Who told you to come here and kill my brother?
You're the opposite.
What are you doing here?
Can you tell me you didn't tell me to kill him?
If I kill him.
His stake is yours. What the hell are you talking about?
I don't know him.
No, if I didn't know him, how would I know that our agreement was that he would tell me?
He promised me if I killed him.
Give me five million dollars when it's done.
The $1 million on my bank card is a security deposit he prepaid.
There's actually a transfer.
The time was yesterday.